while running your washer did you ever
think that your washer was about to walk
away from you what's going on I almost
forgot that there was a house you guy
that came with my washer let's see first
you'll need someone to help you with
turning the washer on its side and
setting it back up right that person can
also tell you when the machine is level
so you don't have to keep getting up and
down to check
you'll also need a level a three or four
footer will be best and the wrench which
is included with your washer now that we
have the tools make sure the shipping
bolts are securely in place and the
machine is not connected to water or
power and then turn the washer on its
side you may want to do this step in a
room with carpeting to prevent
scratching using your hands turn all
four feet so they are touching the
washer next turn the washer right-side
up again and then move it to its final
location place the level on the washer
from right to left above either the
front feet or the back feet the bubble
always moves to the side that is higher
level the washer by turning the foot
furthest from the bubble
counterclockwise until the washer is
level over that set of feet now repeat
the last step on the back side of the
washer remember turn the foot furthest
from the bubble counterclockwise to
level now that the washer is level from
right to left it's time to level it from
front to back place the level in the
middle of the washer and level the
washer using the same technique used to
level it from right to left to ensure
the right to left leveling you just
completed doesn't get undone during this
step you have to adjust either the front
or back feet equally this means if the
bubble is floating towards the front of
the washer and you adjust one rear foot
you must adjust the other rear foot the
same amount when you have the washer
level from front to back and left to
right tighten the locking nuts on each
foot to make sure your washer won't
become unbalanced so next time before
your washer runs away follow these steps
to do your laundry in peace
you